divi/doc/init.md, before:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for pivxd
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/pivxd.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/pivxd.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/pivxd.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/pivxd.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/pivxd.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "pivx" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, pivxd requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, pivxd will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that pivxd and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If pivxd is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/pivx/pivx.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/pivx.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/pivxd
Configuration file:  /etc/pivx/pivx.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/pivxd
PID file:            /var/run/pivxd/pivxd.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/pivxd/pivxd.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the pivx user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
pivx user and group.  Access to pivx-cli and other pivxd rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start pivxd" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable pivxd"

4b) OpenRC

Rename pivxd.openrc to pivxd and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/pivxd start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add pivxd"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop pivxd.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service pivxd start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy pivxd.init to /etc/init.d/pivxd. Test by running "service pivxd start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the pivxd program by
setting the PIVXD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/pivxd. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.

Commit message:

All pivx, Pivx, PIVX converted to divi except copyright lines

divi/doc/init.md, after:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for divxd
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/divxd.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/divxd.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/divxd.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/divxd.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/divxd.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "divx" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, divxd requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, divxd will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that divxd and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If divxd is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/divx/divx.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/divx.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/divxd
Configuration file:  /etc/divx/divx.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/divxd
PID file:            /var/run/divxd/divxd.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/divxd/divxd.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the divx user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
divx user and group.  Access to divx-cli and other divxd rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start divxd" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable divxd"

4b) OpenRC

Rename divxd.openrc to divxd and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/divxd start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add divxd"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop divxd.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service divxd start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy divxd.init to /etc/init.d/divxd. Test by running "service divxd start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the divxd program by
setting the DIVXD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/divxd. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.
